# CS230
The client, The Gaming Room, tasked our firm with creating a web-based game called "Draw It or Lose It" that they can distribute on multiple platforms.  They only had it working on only one platform, and wanted to make it more widely available.  
I did well in creating the beginning stages of the program and in creating and creating the UML diagram.  
What I found helpful during this process was reading and understanding the proper implementation of the coding and the proper way to write the codes.
When looking over the notes of what the customer was wanting, I looked at it not only through the eyes of a developer, but also through the eyes of the users.  This helps to understand what the client wants for both their company and their users.  The user is ultimately the one who will make or break a application.  If they don't like it, they won't use it.  When users dislike something, they tend to complain more about it to other users, rather than telling them about the good things about an application.  Even on the internet, word of mouth is important.
I approach designing software not only from the point of view of a developer, but also from the point of view as a user.  I tend to be my biggest critic, in that if I don't like how something is looking or working, I am not going to send that off for anyone else to use.  I would launch a beta product to certain users and ask them for feedback and fix the program accordingly.  This will help my team and I understand what the users expect and to act accordingly, while also maintaining programming best practices.   At the end of the day, the user is what determines whether an application passes or fails.  
